Overhead estimation (#229)
mengelbart/rtp-over-quic-draft: draft-ietf-avtcore-rtp-over-quic.md

application needs this information, the RTCP packet types are used in the same
way as they would be used over any other transport protocol.

# Header overhead considerations {#overhead-estimation}

As discussed in {{RTCP-considerations}}, the header overhead of an RTP packet
sent over RoQ cannot easily be determined. This section gives an estimation of the
minimum and maximum header overhead of different combinations of STREAM and
DATAGRAM frames using either IPv4 or IPv6. However, even this estimation is not

> exactly correct, since it does not take into account, that RTP packets may be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exactly correct, since it does not take into account additional complications such as that RTP packets may be
```

fragmented over multiple STREAM frames and that QUIC packets may contain more

> than a single FRAME and the overhead could thus be the shared overhead of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
than a single FRAME, so that the RTCP overhead could thus be the shared overhead of
```
